Lets build this integration - Shopify Dynamic Coupons Integration Overview
1. With Shopify Dynamic Coupons you can deliver personalized coupons to the right person at the right time in their customer journey all without leaving HubSpot.

2. Use the “Create Coupon” workflow extension to generate the coupon in Shopify, then have it sync it back into HubSpot and be sent out via HubSpot emails.

3. Use coupon offers to reward loyal customers, incentivize additional purchases or as a way to improve your abandoned cart recovery rate.

4. Dynamic Coupons also prevent fraud, prevent sharing on coupon sharing web sites and prevent other misuses with built-in protective features like "one and done" expiration, use-by dates and more.

5. Best of all, you get all the power of HubSpot’s email tracking to see how your coupon emails perform.

6.Track their usage, discover which discounts work better and the best time to send them.

7. Only pay for how many coupons you send.

8. You can use all the data inside of HubSpot to target who gets a coupon and when. The possibilities are infinite!

 Generate Dynamic Coupons code using Shoppify discount code, and integrate it with HubSpot. Use sync all your shopping cart data to HubSpot in near real time, so that you can do deep targeting of who gets which coupon and when.

Create the most compelling and personalized offers and practice Customer Cultivation so that each and every customer is getting the right offers at the right time in their customer journey with your ecommerce store.

Integration features
Personalize your coupons and track them in real time
Create single use coupon codes with personalized offerings and rules based on buyer behavior. Get actionable insights to understand which offer is working better.

Personalize your coupons and track them in real time
Single use coupon codes triggered by specific actions using workflows.
Send the right coupon at the right time and to the right segment, have several coupon campaigns running at once so you can diversify your strategy for returning customers, new products, abandoned cart users and more.

Single use coupon codes triggered by specific actions using workflows.